gh-101100: Fix Sphinx warnings from removed `~!` references (#113629)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/3.11.0a7.rst

.. nonce: AixHW7
.. section: Library

> :meth:`!usageExit` is marked deprecated xx, to be removed in 3.13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`!unittest.TestProgram.usageExit` is marked as deprecated,
to be removed in Python 3.13.
```
